README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img alt="full" src="full.svg"/>
<h3 align="center">Branding Assets</h3>
</p>

---

This repository contains all of Vivy's branding assets.

## Logos

These logos are the primary branding for Vivy. They change color based on text color via currentColor but can also be in
an accented style. No other form of this icon and wordmark is valid.

### Icon

![](icon.svg)

> Based on the icons that identify AI from the anime Vivy: Fluorite Eye's Song. Outer circle is 20 pixels thick, inner
> triangle is 10 pixels thick.

### Wordmark

![](wordmark.svg)

> Modified Inter Bold.

### Full Logo

![](full.svg)

> A combination of the icon and wordmark, with 20 pixels of padding.

### Accented Logos

These logos are accented (see [colors](#colors)). This should be used for social media avatars or where it's not
appropriate to have a pure white or black logo.

#### Icon w/ Accent

![](icon_accented.svg)

#### Wordmark w/ Accent

![](wordmark_accented.svg)

#### Full w/ Accent

![](full_accented.svg)

## Colors

Vivy has a very minimalistic color palette, based on [Catppuccin](https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin) Mocha, however
with the accent color being ![](swatch.svg) `#89DCEB`. This accent color should be used where white and black is not
appropriate for the logo (both the wordmark and the icon) or as a primary. Besides that, we follow Catppuccin's
[style guide](https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/docs/style-guide.md).

Commit message:

new colors u Changes to be committed:

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img alt="full" src="full.svg"/>
<h3 align="center">Branding Assets</h3>
</p>

---

This repository contains all of VIVY's branding assets.

## Logos

These logos are the primary branding for VIVY. They use Catppuccin's Sky color (see [colors](#colors)). No other form of
this icon and wordmark is valid.

### Icon

![](icon.svg)

> Based on the icons that identify AI from the anime Vivy: Fluorite Eye's Song. Outer circle is 20 pixels thick, inner
> triangle is 10 pixels thick.

### Wordmark

![](wordmark.svg)

> Modified Inter Bold.

### Full Logo

![](full.svg)

> A combination of the icon and wordmark, with 20 pixels of padding.

## Colors

VIVY uses the [Catppuccin](https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin) color palette. We also follow Catppuccin's
[style guide](https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/docs/style-guide.md). In light theme, the site and
branding uses the Latte palette, whilst in dark theme it uses the Mocha palette. All coloring is done with the Mocha
palette _first_, then restyled with the Latte palette. Since the palettes are designed to be easily swapped between,
this shouldn't cause too many issues, however colors may be changed for Latte. Despite this, color changing should be
avoided where possible and only done if there's an accessibility concern.

VIVY's accent color is ![this swatch](swatch.svg) Sky, which changes depending on your theme. If theme autodetection is
not possible (e.g., open graph), then ![mocha swatch](swatch_mocha.svg) Mocha Sky is used.
